tells crowd beauty here who speaks is the
crying for you two more today
skyrim day to teach how to get to
seventh death mask this is
here in the maze labyrinth year but
So that you can get it, you'll have
to follow the entire nursery and
college of an intel
otherwise you will not get there
what is the reason you have started recording
from back there is going to have a surprise to
You guys, I did not want to ruin the surprise.
is mainly for those who did not play the
game for those who have played will know what
it's about
so, no problem here
apparently one is not so fast
after you pass from the surprise
it's not so difficult anymore
I will try to explore the
call from arc to trap
the sergeant pedro people are down
as always advise always use
take the top to enter both hands
take the bass here is going to be deadly
by the trap I now spent with
certainty will be moved to this here
you saw in drain all its magic
I 'm not an open magician and at will.
training here
why
it 's field duty
let's get this shock of excel
yea
is a case with which ideas behind the
mask
I will not pass between for many and
suicidal
the exhibition there times the creative to see
his name does not leave me miguel
Peter
as it was almost a treaty of the
how are you paying
and there's a good price
we only kill and if we fall then doing
the siege around them magic like
practice was already to try the only
now he is in our mood and cajá was
and half of the blood drops boy and Foça
guys to delirium
We are under the sun by the mask.
already anticipating there guys you liked
do not forget to make the
evaluation if you liked a jewel add
the favorites there share the networks
social if possible we here bulb we the
Google was talking about ah and the networks
social is impossible
I'm very happy and grateful
help in spreading the video is that
Ok I'll talk to the next show.
this is the bat that you've been
need to take the college buried and here
is the shade of gold roy its magic
regenerates 100 percent faster
beauty
It's good and until the next